Update redirected URLs (part 41) (#15842)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/media/formats/containers/index.md

| [Multimedia Programming Interface and Data Specifications 1.0](https://web.archive.org/web/20090417165828/http://www.kk.iij4u.or.jp/~kondo/wave/mpidata.txt) | The closest thing to an official WAVE specification                                                             |
| [Resource Interchange File Format](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/desktop/xaudio2/resource-interchange-file-format--riff-) (used by WAV)           | Defines the RIFF format; WAVE files are a form of RIFF                                                          |
| [WebM Container Guidelines](https://www.webmproject.org/docs/container/)                                                                                     | Guide for adapting Matroska for WebM                                                                            |

> | [Matroska Specifications](https://matroska.org/technical/elements.html)                                                                                   | The specification for the Matroska container format upon which WebM is based                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
| [Matroska Specifications](https://matroska.org/index.html)                                                                                   | The specification for the Matroska container format upon which WebM is based                                    |
```
